[RA1 Ch02] Update Network Resiliency Requirement (#2101)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_arch/openstack/chapters/chapter02.md

| `req.inf.ntw.02` | Network | The Architecture **must** include capabilities for integrating SDN controllers to support provisioning of network services, from the OpenStack Neutron service, such as networking of VTEPs to the Border Edge based VRFs. | [RA-1 3.2.5. "Virtual Networking – 3rd party SDN solution"](./chapter03.md#325-virtual-networking--3rd-party-sdn-solution) |
| `req.inf.ntw.03` | Network | The Architecture **must** support low latency and high throughput traffic needs. | [RA-1 4.2.3. "Network Fabric"](./chapter04.md#423-network-fabric) |
| `req.inf.ntw.05` | Network | The Architecture **must** allow for East/West tenant traffic within the cloud (via tunnelled encapsulation overlay such as VXLAN or Geneve). | [RA-1 4.2.3. "Network Fabric"](./chapter04.md#423-network-fabric) |

> | `req.inf.ntw.07` | Network | The Architecture **must** support network resiliency by maintaining an acceptable level of service in the face of faults and challenges to normal operation (from wikipedia). | [RA-1 3.4.2.2. "Network"](./chapter03.md#3422-network) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `req.inf.ntw.07` | Network | The Architecture **must** support network resiliency by [maintaining an acceptable level of service in the face of faults and challenges to normal operation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Resilience_(network)). | [RA-1 3.4.2.2. "Network"](./chapter03.md#3422-network) |
```
